#bus_mall user stories
**Author**: Chris L Chapman

## Market Research Team
As a market researcher, I want to know what are some of the more preferred products (according to the focus group) so that we can include the better products to sell in our catalog. I want to know which products the user group members click on at a higher rate (when given a choice of 3 options) to help priortize the top products (regardless of what else it was shown against). Stretch goals: As a market researcher, I want to know how a given product compares to another specific item it was shown against. If the presense of a specific third options changes the preference between two other items, I want to know this information to consider including an item to increase our margins when selling other items. 
## Focus Group User
As a focus group member, I want to have an easy interface to be able to simply select with of the items I prefer. I want to see a report when I have finished a battery of 25 choice comparisons so I have a sense of my progress. At the completion of a test battery, I want to see a summary of my preferences becuase I am curious how things turned out. While I'm doing the battery of tests, I want to know how far along I am so that it is easier to have a sense of when the end is coming up. As a focus group member, I want to know that my contributions are useful so that I feel better about participating. 
## Developer
As a developer I want to deliver the data that is useful for the market research team so that they are able to achieve their goals. As a developer I want to include encouragment to the focus group memmbers so that we get higher completion rate of each battery of tests. As I am desigining the code, I want to use DRY methods to be more effective and limit my coding errors. I want to consider possible ways the Focus Group app may be changed in the future and write my functions and methods in a way that will make it easier to be quickly adaptive to those changes. 